Add ready-to-use minimal Deployment template (#2965)
astronomer/docs: astro/manage-deployments-as-code.md

astro deployment inspect <deployment-id> > <your-deployment-file-name>.yaml
```

Alternatively, you can manually create a template file without using an existing Deployment as explained in [Create a Deployment using a template file](#create-a-deployment-using-a-template-file).

## Create a Deployment using a template file

> 1. To create a new Deployment you can either copy and save the following template to a `yaml` file, or follow the steps in [Create a template file for a Deployment](#create-a-template-file-or-deployment-file). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run the following command to create a template file based on an existing Deployment and export it to your local machine:

    ```sh
    astro deployment inspect <deployment-id> --template > template-file.yaml
    ```

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :::tip

  To create a template file that's not based on an existing Deployment, you can alternatively copy one of the following templates into an empty file named `template-file.yaml` on your local machine:
```

Reviewer: I still thinking copying a the configuration from a Deployment is the most reliable way to get a working template file with the correct configurations. For that reason, I think we should include this minimal template, but as a tip for users who can't or don't want to copy from an existing Deployment. It also helps provide a single definitive path for someone who just wants this to work - no workflow choices are necessary if they follow these steps as-is.

Reviewer 2: My impression of this page is that it's ideally for users at that **200 level** familiarity of Astro. They maybe have made some deployments from various resources, tried tutorials and use cases, but are now either getting ready to move into a more mature model and just want a way of testing this process with a minimal template _or_ are doing some kind of exploration/POC and don't have anything of their own that they want to use. The minimal template allows users to learn the process with something that's been tried and tested by us, without having to diagnose the source of problems that might be coming from their own Deployment files.

This also gives all users the same frame of reference to start with before identifying what their customizations would need to be in case when they copy from an existing Deployment or try to make their own from scratch there _is_ something that causes a problem.

Reviewer: I don't mind which strategy is put in the tip box, I just feel strongly that we should have a single path for users getting started instead of starting them out with an "or" decision point.

  <Tabs

>       defaultValue="hosted-shared"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      defaultValue="standard"
```

>       groupId= "create-a-cluster"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      groupId= "create-a-deployment-using-a-template-file"
```

      values={[

>           {label: 'Hosted Standard', value: 'hosted-shared'},
>           {label: 'Hosted Dedicated', value: 'hosted-dedicated'},

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          {label: 'Standard cluster', value: 'standard'},
          {label: 'Dedicated cluster', value: 'dedicated'},
```

      ]}>

>   <TabItem value="hosted-shared">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <TabItem value="standard">
```

  ```bash
  deployment:
      configuration:
          name: <your-deployment-name>
          deployment_type: HOSTED_SHARED
          cloud_provider: aws
          description: <deployment-description>
          runtime_version: 9.1.0
          dag_deploy_enabled: true
          executor: KubernetesExecutor
          cluster_name: us-east-1
          region: us-east-1
          workspace_name: <your-workspace-name>
          scheduler_size: small
  ```

>   Note that for a Deployment on a Standard cluster, both the `region` and `cluster-name` parameters contain the region name as per your cloud provider. See [Available regions for your cloud provider](resource-reference-hosted.md#standard-cluster-configurations). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  
  Note that for Deployments on a standard cluster, the `region` and `cluster-name` parameters must botrh contain the region name for the standard cluster. See [Available regions for your cloud provider](resource-reference-hosted.md#standard-cluster-configurations). 
```

  </TabItem>

>   <TabItem value="hosted-dedicated">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <TabItem value="dedicated">
```

  ```bash
  deployment:
      configuration:
          name: <your-deployment-name>
          deployment_type: HOSTED_DEDICATED
          cloud_provider: aws
          description: <deployment-description>

>           runtime_version: 9.1.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Do you know if it's possible to not set this and have it default to latest? Would make maintaining these docs a lot easier in the future.

Author: missed responding to this, I have only included fields that are minimally required (not sure if that is a word 🤔 ) by testing almost each field. And even if it is not, I would still recommend putting it here for clarity. What I would suggest and wanted but couldn't research was - to embed the SiteVariable like we have in other pages.

          dag_deploy_enabled: true
          executor: KubernetesExecutor
          cluster_name: <your-cluster-name>
          region: us-east-1
          workspace_name: <your-workspace-name>
          scheduler_size: small
  ```

>   The `cluster_name` field must include the name of the dedicatd cluster that exists in your Astro Organization. For possible values of `region`, see [Available regions for your cloud provider](resource-reference-hosted.md#standard-cluster-configurations). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  
  The `cluster_name` field must include the name of the dedicated cluster that exists in your Astro Organization.
```

  </TabItem>

  </Tabs>

>   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  
  These are the minimum values required to create a Deployment using a template file. Any configurations not specified are set to default values. To add more configurations, see [Deployment file reference](deployment-file-reference.md).
  
  :::
```

>   Before you use this template file to create a Deployment, keep the following in mind:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  Adjust the template file values for the Deployment you want to create. When working with template files, keep the following in mind:
```

>     - The `name` field must include a unique name for the Deployment in the Workspace. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The `name` field must include a unique name within the Workspace. 
```

    - The `workspace_name` field must include a valid Workspace name that exists in your Astro Organization.
    

>     - For possible values of `cloud_provider`, `executor` and `scheduler_size`, see [Options for `astro deployment create`](cli/astro-deployment-create.md#options). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The possible values for `cloud_provider`, `executor`, and `scheduler_size` are the same possible values when you create a Deployment with [`astro deployment create`](cli/astro-deployment-create.md#options). 
```

>     - For choosing the correct `runtime_version`, refer to [Airflow and Astro Runtime version parity](runtime-image-architecture.md#astro-runtime-and-apache-airflow-parity) and [Astro Runtime release notes](runtime-release-notes.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This tip isn't related to Deployment files specifically

Author: hmm.. tbh I think it is important because it refers a core component of a Deployment and hence a Deployment file. There is a value-add in referring this for a new Astro user.

Reviewer: Why is a new Astro user creating Deployments with a Deployment file? I think we can assume that someone trying to automate Deployment creation has some working knowledge of Deployments. 

Similarly then, why are we not also linking to explain scheduler size, executor, cluster type, etc?

Author: May be I did not explain it well the term "new" . So assume I am an Astro user who is 3 months old and I am ready to "productionize", so I choose to automate the deployment creation stuff. I am not going to remember all the Airflow version vis-a-vis Runtime, so all I want is to be able to click a link to find the relation between these versions. I can also go to Cloud UI and click on create a deployment and find the version or just search the docs to find that - but if this link is easily accessible, it would be really nice. :)

Also, I did add the link to the command reference of options which explains about scheduler size, executor and cluster ; but it does not about the versions. 

This is my thought process, at the end it is a team call. :)

Reviewer: Thinking this over, I still feel it's better to only include information here that's specific to using a Deployment file, rather than information related generally to creating a Deployment.

Reviewer 2: As someone who _regularly_ gets errors due to problems with my runtime version and Astro projects, I agree that this is a value-add to have a pointer for declaring a runtime version here. I'm mainly thinking about users who are moving to managing deployments as code instead of potentially working through the UI or with `astro dev init`. Maybe we can come back to it if we get negative feedback or reviews from other folks outside our team?

  See [Deployment file reference](deployment-file-reference.md) for a list of all configurable Deployment template file values.
  

> 2. Run the following command to create the Deployment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Run the following command to create the Deployment:
```

    ```bash
    astro deployment create --deployment-file <your-deployment-file-name>
    ```

> 3. (Optional) Either open the Cloud UI or run the following command to confirm that you successfully created your Deployment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. (Optional) Either open the Cloud UI or run the following command to confirm that you successfully created your Deployment:
```

astro deployment inspect <deployment-id> > <your-deployment-file-name>.yaml
```

Alternatively, you can manually create a template file without using an existing Deployment as explained in [Create a Deployment using a template file](#create-a-deployment-using-a-template-file).

## Create a Deployment using a template file

> 1. To create a new Deployment you can either copy and save the following template to a `yaml` file, or follow the steps in [Create a template file for a Deployment](#create-a-template-file-or-deployment-file). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Copy one of the following templates to a local `yaml` file:
```

  <Tabs
      defaultValue="standard"
      groupId= "create-a-deployment-using-a-template-file"
      values={[
          {label: 'Standard cluster', value: 'standard'},
          {label: 'Dedicated cluster', value: 'dedicated'},
      ]}>

  <TabItem value="standard">

  ```bash
  deployment:
      configuration:
          name: <your-deployment-name>
          deployment_type: HOSTED_SHARED
          cloud_provider: aws
          description: <deployment-description>
          runtime_version: 9.1.0
          dag_deploy_enabled: true

>           executor: KubernetesExecutor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          executor: CeleryExecutor
```

Just realized we make the default here KE, but it's still celery executor in the Cloud UI. Might be better to keep things as consistent with the UI as possible.

          runtime_version: 9.1.0
          dag_deploy_enabled: true
          executor: KubernetesExecutor
          cluster_name: <your-cluster-name>
          region: us-east-1
          workspace_name: <your-workspace-name>
          scheduler_size: small
  ```
  
  The `cluster_name` field must include the name of the dedicated cluster that exists in your Astro Organization.

  </TabItem>

  </Tabs>
  
    These are the minimum values required to create a Deployment using a template file. Any configurations not specified are set to default values. To add more configurations, see [Deployment file reference](deployment-file-reference.md).

2.  Adjust the template file values for the Deployment you want to create. When working with template files, keep the following in mind:

    - The `name` field must include a unique name within the Workspace. 

    - The `workspace_name` field must include a valid Workspace name that exists in your Astro Organization.
    
    - The possible values for `cloud_provider`, `executor`, and `scheduler_size` are the same possible values when you create a Deployment with [`astro deployment create`](cli/astro-deployment-create.md#options). 

>     - See to [Airflow and Astro Runtime version parity](runtime-image-architecture.md#astro-runtime-and-apache-airflow-parity) to choose your Astro Runtime version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - See [Airflow and Astro Runtime version parity](runtime-image-architecture.md#astro-runtime-and-apache-airflow-parity) to choose your Astro Runtime version.
```

>     - For choosing the correct `runtime_version`, refer to [Airflow and Astro Runtime version parity](runtime-image-architecture.md#astro-runtime-and-apache-airflow-parity) and [Astro Runtime release notes](runtime-release-notes.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - See to [Airflow and Astro Runtime version parity](runtime-image-architecture.md#astro-runtime-and-apache-airflow-parity) to choose your Astro Runtime version.
```
